Okay,
guys,
you may remember way back at the beginning of this section,
we talked about how to get help from Microsoft Excel.
Then we have two ways of doing this.
We can either left click this little icon just up the corner,
the question mark,
or if we hover over it,
we can see the tool.
Tip tells us just a hit F one to get to help.
So I'm just gonna hit F one on the keyboard on this window here will pop up.
Now let's imagine for a second we would like to see formulas instead of results in our
spread sheet.
So if we just typed in plain old English show for Mueller's hit,
Enter Excel will go away and retrieve all the options that can think of.
That may pertain to what you just asked it.
So we can see here.
The first option is show improvement formulas.
That sounds pretty good.
So it's just left.
Click that and we can see here that excels retrieved the helpful for that particular Queary
.
Okay,
so if we have a quick read through this,
we can see down here to show formulas in all cells,
press ctrl plus the little grave accent.
Okay,
so let me just close that and we'll have a play around to see what that does.
So it said,
Hit control on the grave accent and they go wonderful.
We could know,
see all of their formulas instead of the results.
And presumably,
if we want just reverse that we just hit control and grave again.
And now ask spreadsheets back to normal.
Fantastic.
So nice and simple.
That's how you get help from Excel.
It's a simple as that.
See you in the next lecture.